Earlier in the program,
we saw some examples
of how young ones
are building a future
with Jehovah.
But what impact are such efforts
having on the organization?
Let’s look at one example:
the construction
of the new world headquarters
at Warwick, New York.
Jehovah’s Witnesses built
1.6 million square feet (149,000 sq m)
in less than four years.
Of the 27,035 volunteers,
3,247 were between the ages of 19 and 25.
I thought this was a project
that was going to strictly need
very experienced brothers and sisters.
Early on, I realized I was wrong.
It was also going to take youthful energy
because of the volume of work.
The mix of older and younger ones
was really a helpful thing
on the Warwick project.
The older ones
brought skill and experience.
The younger ones
brought the energy, the muscle,
and the diligence to stay
with hard physical tasks
all the way through the project.
Whether it was in the kitchen
or night watch
or the early 5:00 a.m. start
with the concrete crew
at 10 degrees Fahrenheit (-12°C),
their joy and their humility was outstanding
to accept any work that needed to be done.
And a lot of young ones,
brothers and sisters,
moved into the area
so they could commute.
And they would work
day after day tirelessly,
into the evenings even,
to have the project ready for the next day.
Their energy was just astonishing.
Jehovah loves young ones,
and he’s willing to invest in them
and train them and make them
a part of his organization.
And I saw that so much.
We had a lot of young people
who offered themselves
with technical skills.
But if the humility of these
very technically-skilled young people
didn’t match
or exceed their abilities,
then, really,
Jehovah couldn’t use them.
And they were willing to adjust,
and we really saw the benefit.
We knew and they knew
that they were building
not just a project at Warwick
—they were building
a spiritual project for Jehovah.
You could see Jehovah’s spirit
operating on them.
You could see them
mature so quickly.
These young brothers
are the next generation
of elders
and traveling overseers.
They’re to be commended
and highly respected
for the contribution
they made as young men.
They all talk about the effect
that their Bethel service
has had on their outlook
and how they don’t want
to get caught up
in this world
and its daily pursuits.
Use the skills you’ve learned
here on this project and in Bethel.
You are needed.
Continue to keep your spirituality up
and to keep your association
at a high level.
The highest quality of life is when,
as clay, we put ourselves
in the hands of the Great Potter, Jehovah,
and we say:
“Here I am! Send me!”.
And I’m fully confident
they will have no regrets
building their future
with Jehovah.